yw0947_vi6908

Names: Yan (Roger) Weng, Vishva Ilavelan

Contributions:
We did mostly pair programming on the assignment. 

Here's the contributions from Yan (Roger) Weng: 

In dbconnect.py, I incorporated the escape_special_character function into the file
so that the code can be modularized better. 






In reg.py, Roger wrote the functions that create control frame, list frame,
central frame, window. In additon, Roger also wrote part of the functions 
that handle form sumbit and the main function. In regserver.py, Roger mainly 
wrote the parts that handle get overviews and the main function. dbconnect.py 
is very similar to what we used in assignment 1. Roger combined the functions 
in assignment 1 into one single get_class_details function.















Here's the contributions from Vishva Ilavelan:

In reg.py Vishva helped to write the event handling functions that display query data, 
as well as the logic behind the dialog boxes. Furthermore, Vishva also worked on 
developing the nesting for the different frames in reg.py, as well as the client-side 
error handling. In dbconnect.py, Vishva helped alter the functions so that the query 
data structures they returned adhered to the communication protocol. 
In regserver.py, Vishva helped write the socket connection and connection request 
handling code. Vishva also helped write the code for test automation. Finally,
Vishva helped set up the some of the different widgets for the GUI, especially 
the labels and push button




Help received: We received help from Professor Dondero on Ed, particularly for 
error messages and tetsing help

Sources of information: Apart from questions we asked on Ed, 
we looked at lecture slides and handouts while doing the assignment.

We adapted code from lectures and handouts for our general use. 
We used the general structure for database queries and the with statements 
from the slides  and handouts in database programming 1 and 2. We also structured 
our db file, particularly with its functions and URL similar to the code
from lectures 1 and 2.

We adapted code for our approach to developing and managing the GUI. Particularly, 
we adapted code and utilized the associated handouts for GUI programming one
and GUI programming two (particularly coloredisplayer.py), adapting code structure,
particularly for the creation of widgets, event handling, etc. 

Lastly, we also adapted code for the general purpose of creating sockets and
connection. We adapted the general structure of try excepts and with statements,
as well as the broader patterns corresponding to reading and writing data through
a socket. This code from which we adapted corresponds to the Network Programming 1/2
and associated handouts, particularly commgraph2.py

We also referenced the documentation for https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html
as well as the documentation for PyQt https://doc.qt.io/qt.html#qtforpython while 
developing our program.

Time spent on the assignment: 15 hours

Assessment of the assignment:
The assignment helped us to learn more about GUI programming and network
programming in Python. Specifically, the assignment helps us better understand
how to compose a program with Python PyQt5 library. In addition, we also learned
a lot about modularization and testing. One suggestion of improvement is
hat it might also be helpful for us to learn how to test GUIs more effectively

All known bugs: No